docs/api_requests/logger.md, before:

# Logger API Request

The Logger can be configured by sending a `PUT` API Request to the `/logger`
path.
A minimal logger configuration example is the following:

```bash
# Create the required named pipes.
mkfifo logs.fifo
mkfifo metrics.fifo

# Configure the Logger.
curl --unix-socket /tmp/firecracker.socket -i \
    -X PUT "http://localhost/logger" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{
             \"log_fifo\": \"logs.fifo\",
             \"metrics_fifo\": \"metrics.fifo\"
    }"
```

Details about the required and optional fields can be found in the
[swagger definition](../../src/api_server/swagger/firecracker.yaml).

The `logs.fifo` file stores the human readable logs (i.e errors,
warnings etc) while the `metrics.fifo` file stores the metrics
in JSON format. The metrics get flushed in two ways:

* without user intervention every 60 seconds
* upon user demand by issuing a [FlushMetrics][1] request.

## LogDirtyPages Option

When the `LogDirtyPages` option is specified in the `options` field, every 60
seconds a metric with the guest dirty pages count is emitted.
The `dirty_pages` number represents the number of pages in the guest memory
that have been dirtied since the last call to `KVM_GET_DIRTY_LOG`.
See the [KVM documentation][2] for details.

### Logger Configuration Example with LogDirtyPages

```bash
# Create the required named pipes.
mkfifo logs.fifo
mkfifo metrics.fifo

# Configure the Logger.
curl --unix-socket /tmp/firecracker.socket -i \
    -X PUT "http://localhost/logger" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{
             \"log_fifo\": \"logs.fifo\",
             \"metrics_fifo\": \"metrics.fifo\",
             \"options\": [\"LogDirtyPages\"]
    }"
```

With each flush of the metrics (either automatically each 60 seconds or
by user demand), the `dirty_pages` metric is going to be updated.
To check the count of dirty pages in the guest, grep after `dirty_pages` in the
`metrics.fifo` named pipe.

```bash
$ grep -Eo "\"dirty_pages\":[[:digit:]]+" metrics.fifo
"dirty_pages":0
"dirty_pages":49319
"dirty_pages":1126
```

[1]: https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/blob/master/docs/api_requests/actions.md
[2]: https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/virtual/kvm/api.txt

Commit message:

docs: mention additional logger info
From the documentation, one could thing that
the destination for the logger's outputs could
only be named pipes. Now, we are also mentioning
usual files.

Signed-off-by: Diana Popa <dpopa@amazon.com>

docs/api_requests/logger.md, after:

# Logger API Request

The Logger can be configured by sending a `PUT` API Request to the `/logger`
path.
A minimal logger configuration example is the following:

```bash
# Create the required named pipes.
mkfifo logs.fifo
mkfifo metrics.fifo

# The logger also works with usual files.
touch logs.fifo
touch metrics.fifo

# Configure the Logger.
curl --unix-socket /tmp/firecracker.socket -i \
    -X PUT "http://localhost/logger" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{
             \"log_fifo\": \"logs.fifo\",
             \"metrics_fifo\": \"metrics.fifo\"
    }"
```

Details about the required and optional fields can be found in the
[swagger definition](../../src/api_server/swagger/firecracker.yaml).

The `logs.fifo` file stores the human readable logs (i.e errors,
warnings etc) while the `metrics.fifo` file stores the metrics
in JSON format. The metrics get flushed in two ways:

* without user intervention every 60 seconds
* upon user demand by issuing a [FlushMetrics][1] request.

If the paths provided are named pipes, you can use the script below to
read from them:

```shell script
logs=logs.fifo

while true
do
    if read line <$logs; then
        echo $line
    fi
done

echo "Reader exiting"

```

otherwise, if the paths point to normal files, you can simply do:

```shell script
cat logs.fifo
cat metrics.fifo
```

## LogDirtyPages Option

When the `LogDirtyPages` option is specified in the `options` field, every 60
seconds a metric with the guest dirty pages count is emitted.
The `dirty_pages` number represents the number of pages in the guest memory
that have been dirtied since the last call to `KVM_GET_DIRTY_LOG`.
See the [KVM documentation][2] for details.

### Logger Configuration Example with LogDirtyPages

```bash
# Create the required named pipes.
mkfifo logs.fifo
mkfifo metrics.fifo

# Configure the Logger.
curl --unix-socket /tmp/firecracker.socket -i \
    -X PUT "http://localhost/logger" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{
             \"log_fifo\": \"logs.fifo\",
             \"metrics_fifo\": \"metrics.fifo\",
             \"options\": [\"LogDirtyPages\"]
    }"
```

With each flush of the metrics (either automatically each 60 seconds or
by user demand), the `dirty_pages` metric is going to be updated.
To check the count of dirty pages in the guest, grep after `dirty_pages` in the
`metrics.fifo` named pipe.

```bash
$ grep -Eo "\"dirty_pages\":[[:digit:]]+" metrics.fifo
"dirty_pages":0
"dirty_pages":49319
"dirty_pages":1126
```

[1]: https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/blob/master/docs/api_requests/actions.md#flushmetrics
[2]: https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/virtual/kvm/api.txt
