SECURITY-POLICY.md, before:

# Security Problem Policy

If you uncover a security problem with Firecracker, please write to us on
<firecracker-security-disclosures@amazon.com>.

Once the Firecracker [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md) become aware (or are made
aware) of a security vulnerability, they will immediately assess it. Based on
impact and complexity, they will determine an embargo period (if externally
reported, the period will be agreed upon with the external party).

During the embargo period, maintainers will prioritize developing a fix over
other activities. Within this period, maintainers may also notify a limited
number of trusted parties via a pre-disclosure list, providing them with
technical information, a risk assessment, and early access to a fix.

The external customers are included in this group based on the scale of their
Firecracker usage in production. The pre-disclosure list may also contain
significant external security contributors that can join the effort to fix the
vulnerability during the embargo period.

At the end of the embargo period, maintainers will publicly release information
about the vulnerability together with the Firecracker patches that mitigate it.

Commit message:

docs: update security policy wording
Replace "security problem/vulnerability" with "security issue".

Signed-off-by: Radu Weiss <raduweis@amazon.com>

SECURITY-POLICY.md, after:

# Security Issue Policy

If you uncover a security issue with Firecracker, please write to us on
<firecracker-security-disclosures@amazon.com>.

Once the Firecracker [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md) become aware (or are made
aware) of a security issue, they will immediately assess it. Based on impact and
complexity, they will determine an embargo period (if externally reported, the
period will be agreed upon with the external party).

During the embargo period, maintainers will prioritize developing a fix over
other activities. Within this period, maintainers may also notify a limited
number of trusted parties via a pre-disclosure list, providing them with
technical information, a risk assessment, and early access to a fix.

The external customers are included in this group based on the scale of their
Firecracker usage in production. The pre-disclosure list may also contain
significant external security contributors that can join the effort to fix the
issue during the embargo period.

At the end of the embargo period, maintainers will publicly release information
about the security issue together with the Firecracker patches that mitigate it.
